Candidate: CVE-2025-23332
PublicDate: 2025-10-13
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-23332
 https://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5703
Description:
 [Unknown description]
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> some binary drivers are no longer support by NVidia, so they
 mdeslaur> are marked as ignored here
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: ignored
esm-apps/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: not-affected (superseded)
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: not-affected (superseded)
esm-apps/noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: not-affected (superseded)
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: not-affected (superseded)
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: not-affected (superseded)
esm-apps/noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: not-affected (superseded)
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-545: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-550-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: DNE
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: DNE
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: ignored
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-560: ignored

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: ignored
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: ignored
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: ignored
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: DNE
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-565-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-570-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: released (nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-575-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
noble_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
plucky_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
questing_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-580-server: needs-triage
