Candidate: CVE-2024-7883
PublicDate: 2024-10-31 17:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-7883
 https://developer.arm.com/Arm%20Security%20Center/Cortex-M%20Security%20Extensions%20Vulnerability
 https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/pull/114433
Description:
 When using Arm Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE), Secure stack
 contents can be leaked to Non-secure state via floating-point registers
 when a Secure to Non-secure function call is made that returns a
 floating-point value and when this is the first use of floating-point
 since entering Secure state. This allows an attacker to read a limited
 quantity of Secure stack contents with an impact on confidentiality.
 This issue is specific to code generated using LLVM-based compilers.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2322994
Priority: low
 Doesn't affect the default build flags in Ubuntu
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_llvm-toolchain-11:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
noble_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE
oracular_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE
plucky_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-12:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
noble_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE
oracular_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE
plucky_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-13:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-13: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-13: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-13: needs-triage
noble_llvm-toolchain-13: DNE
oracular_llvm-toolchain-13: DNE
plucky_llvm-toolchain-13: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-13: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-14:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-14: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
noble_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage
devel_llvm-toolchain-14: needs-triage

Patches_llvm-toolchain-15:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-15: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
noble_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage
devel_llvm-toolchain-15: needs-triage

Patches_llvm-toolchain-16:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-16: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-16: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-16: DNE
noble_llvm-toolchain-16: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_llvm-toolchain-16: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-16: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-16: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-16: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-17:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-17: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-17: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-17: DNE
noble_llvm-toolchain-17: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-17: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-17: needs-triage
devel_llvm-toolchain-17: needs-triage

Patches_llvm-toolchain-18:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-18: DNE
noble_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage
devel_llvm-toolchain-18: needs-triage

Patches_llvm-toolchain-19:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-19: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-19: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-19: DNE
noble_llvm-toolchain-19: needs-triage
oracular_llvm-toolchain-19: needs-triage
plucky_llvm-toolchain-19: needs-triage
devel_llvm-toolchain-19: needs-triage
