Candidate: CVE-2025-47806
PublicDate: 2025-08-08
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-47806
 https://github.com/atredispartners/advisories/blob/master/2025/ATREDIS-2025-0003.md
 https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/security/
Description:
 In GStreamer through 1.26.1, the subparse plugin's parse_subrip_time
 function may write data past the bounds of a stack buffer, leading to a
 crash.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_gst-libav1.0:
upstream_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-libav1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-plugins-bad1.0:
upstream_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-plugins-bad1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib:
upstream_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
jammy_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
noble_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
plucky_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage
devel_gst-plugins-bad1.0-contrib: needs-triage

Patches_gst-plugins-base1.0:
upstream_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-plugins-base1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-plugins-good1.0:
upstream_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-plugins-good1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-plugins-ugly1.0:
upstream_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-plugins-ugly1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-python1.0:
upstream_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-python1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-python1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gst-rtsp-server1.0:
upstream_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
noble_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage
devel_gst-rtsp-server1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gstreamer-editing-services1.0:
upstream_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
noble_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage
devel_gstreamer-editing-services1.0: needs-triage

Patches_gstreamer-vaapi:
upstream_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
jammy_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
noble_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
plucky_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage
devel_gstreamer-vaapi: needs-triage

Patches_gstreamer1.0:
upstream_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
jammy_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
noble_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
plucky_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage
devel_gstreamer1.0: needs-triage

Patches_qt-gstreamer:
upstream_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
jammy_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
noble_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
plucky_qt-gstreamer: needs-triage
devel_qt-gstreamer: DNE

Patches_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper:
upstream_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: DNE
noble_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: needs-triage
devel_rust-gst-plugin-version-helper: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer:
upstream_rust-gstreamer: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-allocators:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-allocators: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-allocators: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-allocators: DNE
plucky_rust-gstreamer-allocators: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-allocators: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys: DNE
plucky_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-allocators-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-audio:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-audio: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-audio: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-audio: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-audio: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-audio: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-audio: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
noble_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-audio-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-base:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-base: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-base: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-base: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-base: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-base: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-base: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-base-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
noble_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-base-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-egl-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-wayland-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-gl-x11-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-pbutils:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-pbutils: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-pbutils-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-play:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-play: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-play: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-play: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-play: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-play: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-play: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-play-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-play-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
noble_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-sys: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-video:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-video: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-video: DNE
noble_rust-gstreamer-video: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-video: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-video: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-video: needs-triage

Patches_rust-gstreamer-video-sys:
upstream_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
jammy_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
noble_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
plucky_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
devel_rust-gstreamer-video-sys: needs-triage
