Candidate: CVE-2025-50181
PublicDate: 2025-06-19
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-50181
Description:
 (urllib3 is a user-friendly HTTP client library for Python. Prior to 2.
 ...)
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> On focal and earlier, the python-pip package bundles
 mdeslaur> python-urllib3 binaries when built. After updating
 mdeslaur> python-urllib3, a no-change rebuild of python-pip is required.
 mdeslaur> On jammy and later, python-urllib3 is bundled in the python-pip
 mdeslaur> package and needs to be patched.
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: hlibk
CVSS:
 github: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N [5.3 MEDIUM]

Patches_python-urllib3:
upstream_python-urllib3: released (2.5.0)
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_python-urllib3: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_python-urllib3: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_python-urllib3: needs-triage
esm-infra/focal_python-urllib3: needs-triage
jammy_python-urllib3: needs-triage
noble_python-urllib3: needs-triage
oracular_python-urllib3: needs-triage
plucky_python-urllib3: needs-triage
devel_python-urllib3: needs-triage

Patches_python-pip:
upstream_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_python-pip: needs-triage
jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
noble_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_python-pip: needs-triage
oracular_python-pip: needs-triage
plucky_python-pip: needs-triage
devel_python-pip: needs-triage
