Candidate: CVE-2024-6531
PublicDate: 2025-01-13
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-6531
 https://www.herodevs.com/vulnerability-directory/cve-2024-6531
Description:
 (A vulnerability has been identified in Bootstrap that exposes users to
 ...)
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1084059
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_twitter-bootstrap3:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap3: not-affected (debian: Only affects 4.x)
esm-apps/xenial_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
focal_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
jammy_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
noble_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
oracular_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap3: needs-triage

Patches_twitter-bootstrap4:
upstream_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
focal_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
jammy_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
noble_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
oracular_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
devel_twitter-bootstrap4: needs-triage
