Candidate: CVE-2025-48924
PublicDate: 2025-07-11 15:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-48924
 https://www.openwall.com/lists/oss-security/2025/07/11/1
Description:
 Uncontrolled Recursion vulnerability in Apache Commons Lang.
 
 This issue affects Apache Commons Lang: Starting
 with commons-lang:commons-lang 2.0 to 2.6, and, from
 org.apache.commons:commons-lang3 3.0 before 3.18.0.
 
 The methods ClassUtils.getClass(...) can throw StackOverflowError on very
 long inputs. Because an Error is usually not handled by applications and
 libraries, a
 StackOverflowError could cause an application to stop.
 
 Users are recommended to upgrade to version 3.18.0, which fixes the issue.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1109125
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1109126
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 cisa-adp: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L [5.3 MEDIUM]

Patches_libcommons-lang-java:
upstream_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
jammy_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
noble_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
plucky_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage
devel_libcommons-lang-java: needs-triage

Patches_libcommons-lang3-java:
upstream_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
jammy_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
noble_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
plucky_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
devel_libcommons-lang3-java: needs-triage
