Candidate: CVE-2023-46317
PublicDate: 2023-10-22 23:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.knot-resolver.cz/2023-08-22-knot-resolver-5.7.0.html
 https://gitlab.nic.cz/knot/knot-resolver/-/merge_requests/1448
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2023-46317
Description:
 Knot Resolver before 5.7.0 performs many TCP reconnections upon receiving
 certain nonsensical responses from servers.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H [7.5 HIGH]

Patches_knot-resolver:
upstream_knot-resolver: released (5.7.0-1)
trusty_knot-resolver: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_knot-resolver: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_knot-resolver: needs-triage
bionic_knot-resolver: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_knot-resolver: needs-triage
focal_knot-resolver: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_knot-resolver: needs-triage
jammy_knot-resolver: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_knot-resolver: needs-triage
lunar_knot-resolver: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_knot-resolver: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
noble_knot-resolver: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_knot-resolver: needs-triage
oracular_knot-resolver: not-affected (5.7.2-1)
plucky_knot-resolver: not-affected (5.7.2-1)
devel_knot-resolver: not-affected (5.7.2-1)
