Candidate: CVE-2024-10026
PublicDate: 2025-01-30 20:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-10026
 https://github.com/google/gvisor/commit/83f75082e5b03fafca9201d9d9939028f712b0b2
 https://github.com/google/gvisor/commit/e54bfde79278cafadedbf73c68ee10cb5982f2af
 https://github.com/google/gvisor/commit/f956b5ac17ae1f60a4d21999b59ba18c55f86d56
Description:
 A weak hashing algorithm and small sizes of seeds/secrets in Google's
 gVisor allowed for a remote attacker to calculate a local IP address and a
 per-boot identifier that could aid in tracking of a device in certain
 circumstances.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 google: CVSS:4.0/AV:N/AC:L/AT:P/PR:N/UI:N/VC:L/VI:L/VA:N/SC:L/SI:L/SA:N/E:X/CR:X/IR:X/AR:X/MAV:X/MAC:X/MAT:X/MPR:X/MUI:X/MVC:X/MVI:X/MVA:X/MSC:X/MSI:X/MSA:X/S:X/AU:X/R:X/V:X/RE:X/U:X [6.3 MEDIUM]

Patches_golang-gvisor-gvisor:
upstream_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage
focal_golang-gvisor-gvisor: DNE
esm-infra/focal_golang-gvisor-gvisor: DNE
jammy_golang-gvisor-gvisor: DNE
noble_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage
oracular_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage
plucky_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage
devel_golang-gvisor-gvisor: needs-triage

Patches_golang-inet-netstack:
upstream_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
focal_golang-inet-netstack: DNE
esm-infra/focal_golang-inet-netstack: DNE
jammy_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
noble_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
oracular_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
plucky_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
devel_golang-inet-netstack: needs-triage
