Candidate: CVE-2022-40083
PublicDate: 2022-09-28 14:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://github.com/labstack/echo/issues/2259
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2022-40083
Description:
 Labstack Echo v4.8.0 was discovered to contain an open redirect
 vulnerability via the Static Handler component. This vulnerability can be
 leveraged by attackers to cause a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF).
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 cisa-adp: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H [9.6 CRITICAL]
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H [9.6 CRITICAL]

Patches_golang-github-labstack-echo:
upstream_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-labstack-echo: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-labstack-echo: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-labstack-echo: DNE
focal_golang-github-labstack-echo: DNE
jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-labstack-echo: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
lunar_golang-github-labstack-echo: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-labstack-echo: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
noble_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
oracular_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
plucky_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-labstack-echo: needs-triage

Patches_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2:
upstream_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE
focal_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
lunar_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE
noble_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE
oracular_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE
plucky_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE
devel_golang-github-labstack-echo.v2: DNE

Patches_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3:
upstream_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE
focal_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
lunar_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE
noble_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE
oracular_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE
plucky_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE
devel_golang-github-labstack-echo.v3: DNE

Patches_golang-github-labstack-gommon:
upstream_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of standard support, was needs-triage)
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
focal_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
lunar_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-labstack-gommon: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
noble_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
oracular_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
plucky_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-labstack-gommon: needs-triage
