Candidate: CVE-2025-43961
PublicDate: 2025-04-21 00:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-43961
 https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/commit/66fe663e02a4dd610b4e832f5d9af326709336c2
 https://github.com/LibRaw/LibRaw/compare/0.21.3...0.21.4
 https://www.libraw.org/news/libraw-0-21-4-release
Description:
 In LibRaw before 0.21.4, metadata/tiff.cpp has an out-of-bounds read in the
 Fujifilm 0xf00c tag parser.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1103781
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: bruce-cable
CVSS:

Patches_libraw:
upstream_libraw: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_libraw: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_libraw: needs-triage
focal_libraw: needs-triage
jammy_libraw: needs-triage
noble_libraw: needs-triage
oracular_libraw: needs-triage
plucky_libraw: needs-triage
devel_libraw: needs-triage

Patches_ufraw:
upstream_ufraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_ufraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_ufraw: needs-triage
focal_ufraw: DNE
jammy_ufraw: DNE
noble_ufraw: DNE
oracular_ufraw: DNE
devel_ufraw: DNE

Patches_darktable:
upstream_darktable: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_darktable: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_darktable: needs-triage
focal_darktable: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_darktable: needs-triage
jammy_darktable: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_darktable: needs-triage
noble_darktable: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_darktable: needs-triage
oracular_darktable: needs-triage
plucky_darktable: needs-triage
devel_darktable: needs-triage

Patches_exactimage:
upstream_exactimage: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_exactimage: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_exactimage: needs-triage
focal_exactimage: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_exactimage: needs-triage
jammy_exactimage: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_exactimage: needs-triage
noble_exactimage: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_exactimage: needs-triage
oracular_exactimage: needs-triage
plucky_exactimage: needs-triage
devel_exactimage: needs-triage

Patches_dcraw:
upstream_dcraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_dcraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_dcraw: needs-triage
focal_dcraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_dcraw: needs-triage
jammy_dcraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_dcraw: needs-triage
noble_dcraw: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_dcraw: needs-triage
oracular_dcraw: needs-triage
plucky_dcraw: needs-triage
devel_dcraw: needs-triage

Patches_rawtherapee:
upstream_rawtherapee: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_rawtherapee: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_rawtherapee: needs-triage
focal_rawtherapee: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_rawtherapee: needs-triage
jammy_rawtherapee: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_rawtherapee: needs-triage
noble_rawtherapee: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_rawtherapee: needs-triage
oracular_rawtherapee: needs-triage
plucky_rawtherapee: needs-triage
devel_rawtherapee: needs-triage

Patches_kodi:
upstream_kodi: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_kodi: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_kodi: needs-triage
focal_kodi: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_kodi: needs-triage
jammy_kodi: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_kodi: needs-triage
noble_kodi: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_kodi: needs-triage
oracular_kodi: needs-triage
plucky_kodi: needs-triage
devel_kodi: needs-triage

Patches_digikam:
upstream_digikam: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_digikam: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_digikam: needs-triage
focal_digikam: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_digikam: needs-triage
jammy_digikam: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_digikam: needs-triage
noble_digikam: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_digikam: needs-triage
oracular_digikam: needs-triage
plucky_digikam: needs-triage
devel_digikam: needs-triage
