Candidate: CVE-2025-30087
PublicDate: 2025-04-30
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-30087
Description:
 [Cross Site Scripting via injection of malicious parameters in a search
 URL]
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1104422
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1104424
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_request-tracker4:
upstream_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_request-tracker4: needs-triage
focal_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_request-tracker4: needs-triage
jammy_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_request-tracker4: needs-triage
noble_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_request-tracker4: needs-triage
oracular_request-tracker4: needs-triage
plucky_request-tracker4: needs-triage
devel_request-tracker4: needs-triage

Patches_request-tracker5:
upstream_request-tracker5: needs-triage
focal_request-tracker5: DNE
jammy_request-tracker5: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_request-tracker5: needs-triage
noble_request-tracker5: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_request-tracker5: needs-triage
oracular_request-tracker5: needs-triage
plucky_request-tracker5: needs-triage
devel_request-tracker5: needs-triage
