Candidate: CVE-2019-10140
PublicDate: 2019-08-15 17:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=CVE-2019-10140
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2019-10140
Description:
 A vulnerability was found in Linux kernel's, versions up to 3.10,
 implementation of overlayfs. An attacker with local access can create a
 denial of service situation via NULL pointer dereference in
 ovl_posix_acl_create function in fs/overlayfs/dir.c. This can allow
 attackers with ability to create directories on overlayfs to crash the
 kernel creating a denial of service (DOS).
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> this issue is Red Hat Specific
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H [5.5 MEDIUM]
 redhat: CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H [5.5 MEDIUM]

Patches_linux:
upstream_linux: not-affected (debian: Vulnerability introduce in Red Hat specific backport)
precise/esm_linux: not-affected
trusty_linux: not-affected
trusty/esm_linux: not-affected
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux: not-affected
xenial_linux: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux: not-affected
bionic_linux: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux: not-affected
disco_linux: not-affected
devel_linux: not-affected

Patches_linux-hwe:
upstream_linux-hwe: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-hwe: DNE
trusty_linux-hwe: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-hwe: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-hwe: DNE
xenial_linux-hwe: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-hwe: not-affected
bionic_linux-hwe: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-hwe: not-affected
disco_linux-hwe: DNE
devel_linux-hwe: DNE

Patches_linux-hwe-edge:
upstream_linux-hwe-edge: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-hwe-edge: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-hwe-edge: not-affected
bionic_linux-hwe-edge: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-hwe-edge: not-affected
disco_linux-hwe-edge: DNE
devel_linux-hwe-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-lts-xenial:
upstream_linux-lts-xenial: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
trusty_linux-lts-xenial: not-affected
trusty/esm_linux-lts-xenial: not-affected
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-lts-xenial: not-affected
xenial_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
bionic_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
disco_linux-lts-xenial: DNE
devel_linux-lts-xenial: DNE

Patches_linux-lts-trusty:
upstream_linux-lts-trusty: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-lts-trusty: not-affected
trusty_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
xenial_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
bionic_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
disco_linux-lts-trusty: DNE
devel_linux-lts-trusty: DNE

Patches_linux-oem:
upstream_linux-oem: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-oem: DNE
trusty_linux-oem: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oem: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-oem: DNE
xenial_linux-oem: not-affected
bionic_linux-oem: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-oem: not-affected
disco_linux-oem: not-affected
devel_linux-oem: not-affected

Patches_linux-kvm:
upstream_linux-kvm: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-kvm: DNE
trusty_linux-kvm: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-kvm: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-kvm: DNE
xenial_linux-kvm: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-kvm: not-affected
bionic_linux-kvm: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-kvm: not-affected
disco_linux-kvm: not-affected
devel_linux-kvm: not-affected

Patches_linux-aws:
upstream_linux-aws: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-aws: DNE
trusty_linux-aws: not-affected
trusty/esm_linux-aws: not-affected
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-aws: not-affected
xenial_linux-aws: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-aws: not-affected
bionic_linux-aws: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-aws: not-affected
disco_linux-aws: not-affected
devel_linux-aws: not-affected

Patches_linux-aws-hwe:
upstream_linux-aws-hwe: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
trusty_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
xenial_linux-aws-hwe: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-aws-hwe: not-affected
bionic_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
disco_linux-aws-hwe: DNE
devel_linux-aws-hwe: DNE

Patches_linux-azure:
upstream_linux-azure: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-azure: DNE
trusty_linux-azure: not-affected
trusty/esm_linux-azure: not-affected
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-azure: not-affected
xenial_linux-azure: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-azure: not-affected
bionic_linux-azure: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-azure: not-affected
disco_linux-azure: not-affected
devel_linux-azure: not-affected

Patches_linux-azure-edge:
upstream_linux-azure-edge: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-azure-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-azure-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-azure-edge: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-azure-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-azure-edge: not-affected
bionic_linux-azure-edge: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-azure-edge: not-affected
disco_linux-azure-edge: DNE
devel_linux-azure-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-gcp:
upstream_linux-gcp: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-gcp: DNE
trusty_linux-gcp: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gcp: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-gcp: DNE
xenial_linux-gcp: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-gcp: not-affected
bionic_linux-gcp: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-gcp: not-affected
disco_linux-gcp: not-affected
devel_linux-gcp: not-affected

Patches_linux-gcp-edge:
upstream_linux-gcp-edge: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
trusty_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
xenial_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
bionic_linux-gcp-edge: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-gcp-edge: not-affected
disco_linux-gcp-edge: DNE
devel_linux-gcp-edge: DNE

Patches_linux-gke-4.15:
upstream_linux-gke-4.15: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
trusty_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
xenial_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
bionic_linux-gke-4.15: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-gke-4.15: not-affected
disco_linux-gke-4.15: DNE
devel_linux-gke-4.15: DNE

Patches_linux-gke-5.0:
upstream_linux-gke-5.0: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
trusty_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
xenial_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
bionic_linux-gke-5.0: not-affected
disco_linux-gke-5.0: DNE
devel_linux-gke-5.0: DNE

Patches_linux-oracle:
upstream_linux-oracle: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-oracle: DNE
trusty_linux-oracle: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-oracle: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-oracle: DNE
xenial_linux-oracle: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_linux-oracle: not-affected
bionic_linux-oracle: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_linux-oracle: not-affected
disco_linux-oracle: not-affected
devel_linux-oracle: not-affected

Patches_linux-raspi2:
upstream_linux-raspi2: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-raspi2: DNE
trusty_linux-raspi2: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-raspi2: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-raspi2: DNE
xenial_linux-raspi2: not-affected
bionic_linux-raspi2: not-affected
disco_linux-raspi2: not-affected
devel_linux-raspi2: not-affected

Patches_linux-snapdragon:
upstream_linux-snapdragon: not-affected
precise/esm_linux-snapdragon: DNE
trusty_linux-snapdragon: DNE
trusty/esm_linux-snapdragon: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_linux-snapdragon: DNE
xenial_linux-snapdragon: not-affected
bionic_linux-snapdragon: not-affected
disco_linux-snapdragon: not-affected
devel_linux-snapdragon: not-affected
