Candidate: CVE-2021-37600
PublicDate: 2021-07-30 14:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2021-37600
Description:
 ** DISPUTED ** An integer overflow in util-linux through 2.37.1 can
 potentially cause a buffer overflow if an attacker were able to use system
 resources in a way that leads to a large number in the /proc/sysvipc/sem
 file. NOTE: this is unexploitable in GNU C Library environments, and
 possibly in all realistic environments.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> this CVE was disputed, marking as not-affected
Mitigation:
Bugs:
 http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=991619
 https://github.com/karelzak/util-linux/issues/1395
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H [5.5 MEDIUM]


Patches_util-linux:
 upstream: https://github.com/karelzak/util-linux/commit/1c9143d0c1f979c3daf10e1c37b5b1e916c22a1c
upstream_util-linux: released (2.36.1-8)
trusty_util-linux: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_util-linux: not-affected
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_util-linux: not-affected
xenial_util-linux: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_util-linux: not-affected
bionic_util-linux: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_util-linux: not-affected
focal_util-linux: not-affected
esm-infra/focal_util-linux: not-affected
hirsute_util-linux: ignored (end of life)
impish_util-linux: not-affected (2.36.1-8ubuntu2)
jammy_util-linux: released (2.37.2-4ubuntu2)
devel_util-linux: not-affected (2.36.1-8ubuntu2)
