PublicDate: 2007-12-28 21:46:00 UTC
Candidate: CVE-2007-6590
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2007-6590
Description:
 Rejected reason: DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs:
 CVE-2008-2809.  Reason: This candidate is a duplicate of CVE-2008-2809.
 Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2008-2809 instead of this
 candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been
 removed to prevent accidental usage
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS: 
upstream_firefox: needs-triage
dapper_firefox: ignored
edgy_firefox: ignored
feisty_firefox: ignored
gutsy_firefox: ignored
hardy_firefox: ignored
devel_firefox: ignored

upstream_iceape: needs-triage
dapper_iceape: DNE
edgy_iceape: DNE
feisty_iceape: DNE
gutsy_iceape: ignored
hardy_iceape: DNE
devel_iceape: DNE

upstream_seamonkey: needs-triage
dapper_seamonkey: DNE
edgy_seamonkey: DNE
feisty_seamonkey: DNE
gutsy_seamonkey: DNE
hardy_seamonkey: ignored
devel_seamonkey: ignored

upstream_xulrunner: needs-triage
dapper_xulrunner: DNE
edgy_xulrunner: ignored
feisty_xulrunner: ignored
gutsy_xulrunner: ignored
hardy_xulrunner: ignored
devel_xulrunner: ignored
