Candidate: 
PublicDate: 
References: 
Description: 
Ubuntu-Description: 
Notes: 
 mdeslaur> On focal and earlier, the python-pip package bundles contextlib2
 mdeslaur> binaries when built. After updating contextlib2, a no-change
 mdeslaur> rebuild of python-pip is required.
 mdeslaur> On jammy and later, contextlib2 is bundled in the python-pip
 mdeslaur> package and needs to be patched.
Mitigation: 
Bugs: 
Priority: untriaged
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: 
CVSS: 

Patches_contextlib2:
upstream_contextlib2: 
trusty_contextlib2: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_contextlib2: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_contextlib2: DNE
xenial_contextlib2: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_contextlib2: needs-triage
bionic_contextlib2: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_contextlib2: needs-triage
focal_contextlib2: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/focal_contextlib2: needs-triage
jammy_contextlib2: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_contextlib2: needs-triage
noble_contextlib2: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_contextlib2: needs-triage
oracular_contextlib2: needs-triage
plucky_contextlib2: needs-triage
devel_contextlib2: needs-triage

Patches_python-pip:
upstream_python-pip: 
trusty_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_python-pip: ignored (end of ESM support)
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_python-pip: needs-triage
xenial_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_python-pip: needs-triage
bionic_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_python-pip: needs-triage
focal_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/focal_python-pip: needs-triage
jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
noble_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_python-pip: needs-triage
oracular_python-pip: needs-triage
plucky_python-pip: needs-triage
devel_python-pip: needs-triage


