Candidate: 
PublicDate: 
References: 
Description: 
Ubuntu-Description: 
Notes: 
 alexmurray| google-guest-agent contains a vendored copy of golang-goprotobuf
Mitigation: 
Bugs: 
Priority: untriaged
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: 
CVSS: 

Patches_golang-goprotobuf:
upstream_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
trusty_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
trusty/esm_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
xenial_golang-goprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
bionic_golang-goprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
jammy_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
noble_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
oracular_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
plucky_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
devel_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage

Patches_google-guest-agent:
upstream_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
trusty_google-guest-agent: DNE
trusty/esm_google-guest-agent: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_google-guest-agent: DNE
xenial_google-guest-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_google-guest-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
jammy_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
noble_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
oracular_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
plucky_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
devel_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
