Candidate: 
PublicDate: 
References: 
Description: 
Ubuntu-Description: 
Notes: 
 sbeattie> google-guest-agent contains a vendored copy of golang-google-protobuf
 sbeattie> google-osconfig-agent contains a vendored copy of golang-google-protobuf
 sbeattie> golong-goprotobuf has been superseded by golang-google-protobuf
 sbeattie> golong-gogoprotobuf is a fork of golong-goprotobuf
Mitigation: 
Bugs: 
Priority: untriaged
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: 
CVSS: 

Patches_golang-google-protobuf:
upstream_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
xenial_golang-google-protobuf: DNE
bionic_golang-google-protobuf: DNE
focal_golang-google-protobuf: DNE
jammy_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
noble_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
oracular_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
plucky_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage
devel_golang-google-protobuf: needs-triage

Patches_golang-goprotobuf:
upstream_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
trusty/esm_golang-goprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_golang-goprotobuf: DNE (trusty/esm was ignored [end of standard support])
xenial_golang-goprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
bionic_golang-goprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
focal_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
jammy_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-goprotobuf: needs-triage
noble_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
oracular_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
plucky_golang-goprotobuf: DNE
devel_golang-goprotobuf: DNE

Patches_golang-gogoprotobuf:
upstream_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
trusty/esm_golang-gogoprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_golang-gogoprotobuf: DNE (trusty/esm was ignored [end of standard support])
xenial_golang-gogoprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
bionic_golang-gogoprotobuf: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
focal_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
jammy_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
noble_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
oracular_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
plucky_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage
devel_golang-gogoprotobuf: needs-triage

Patches_google-guest-agent:
upstream_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
xenial_google-guest-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
bionic_google-guest-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
focal_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
jammy_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
noble_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
oracular_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
plucky_google-guest-agent: needs-triage
devel_google-guest-agent: needs-triage

Patches_google-osconfig-agent:
upstream_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
xenial_google-osconfig-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
bionic_google-osconfig-agent: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
focal_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
jammy_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
noble_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
oracular_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
plucky_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
devel_google-osconfig-agent: needs-triage
