Candidate: 
PublicDate: 
References: 
Description: 
Ubuntu-Description: 
Notes: 
 mdeslaur> On focal and earlier, the python-pip package bundles
 mdeslaur> python-resolvelib binaries when built. After updating
 mdeslaur> python-resolvelib, a no-change rebuild of python-pip is
 mdeslaur> required. On jammy and later, python-resolvelib is bundled in
 mdeslaur> the python-pip package and needs to be patched.
Mitigation: 
Bugs: 
Priority: untriaged
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to: 
CVSS: 

Patches_python-resolvelib:
upstream_python-resolvelib: 
trusty_python-resolvelib: DNE
trusty/esm_python-resolvelib: DNE
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_python-resolvelib: DNE
xenial_python-resolvelib: DNE
bionic_python-resolvelib: DNE
focal_python-resolvelib: DNE
esm-infra/focal_python-resolvelib: DNE
jammy_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
noble_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
oracular_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
plucky_python-resolvelib: needs-triage
devel_python-resolvelib: needs-triage

Patches_python-pip:
upstream_python-pip: 
trusty_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_python-pip: ignored (end of ESM support)
esm-infra-legacy/trusty_python-pip: needs-triage
xenial_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_python-pip: needs-triage
bionic_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/bionic_python-pip: needs-triage
focal_python-pip: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/focal_python-pip: needs-triage
jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_python-pip: needs-triage
noble_python-pip: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_python-pip: needs-triage
oracular_python-pip: needs-triage
plucky_python-pip: needs-triage
devel_python-pip: needs-triage


