Candidate: CVE-2024-36051
PublicDate: 2024-10-10 13:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-36051
 https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/releases/tag/v0.24.2
 https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/cve-2024-38365-public-disclosure-btcd-findanddelete-bug/1184
Description:
 Rejected reason: DO NOT USE THIS CVE RECORD. ConsultIDs: CVE-2024-38365.
 Reason: This record is a duplicate of CVE-2024-38365. Notes: All CVE users
 should reference CVE-2024-38365 instead of this record. All references and
 descriptions in this record have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec:
upstream_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
oracular_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage

Patches_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash:
upstream_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
oracular_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
